Update index.md (#247)
school-brainhack/school-brainhack.github.io: content/en/modules/HPC/index.md

`ssh <username>@beluga.computecanada.ca`

> :warning: :warning: If you reside outside of Canada and don't have access to a local HPC you can apply to access [Brainhack Cloud](https://brainhack.org/brainhack_cloud/). Some detailed steps for connecting to their cloud are available on this [GitHub repository](https://github.com/brainhack-school2022/dimitrijevic_project/tree/main/BrainHackCloud_steps). Subsequently anytime the lecture material below refers to location-specific inputs you will have to adjust your inputs accordingly (e.g. the ssh connection).

Author: Link updated to a more relevant page
```suggestion
:warning: :warning: If you reside outside of Canada and don't have access to a local HPC you can apply to access [Brainhack Cloud](https://brainhack.org/brainhack_cloud/). Some detailed steps for connecting to their cloud are available on this [GitHub repository](https://github.com/brainhack-school2022/dimitrijevic_project/blob/main/BrainHackCloud_steps/get_connected.md). Subsequently anytime the lecture material below refers to location-specific inputs you will have to adjust your inputs accordingly (e.g. the ssh connection).
```
